Upload at least one demo video that shows the complete end-to-end flow of the integration with TikTok. *

Upload
Accepted formats: mp4, mov
Maximum 5 files, up to 50MB each
For example, it should demonstrate how you use TikTok for Developers' capabilities, such as Login Kit, Share Kit, Display API, Content Posting API, and the relevant scopes.
If your app has not been approved before, you are required to use a sandbox environment on the Developer Portal to demonstrate the integration.
The demo video should showcase the website or app where the features will actually be integrated.
All selected products and scopes must be clearly demonstrated in the video. If you don't need certain products or scopes, make sure to remove them before review. Otherwise, it will delay the review result.
The video should clearly show the user interface and user interactions.
If you intend to integrate with a web app, make sure the domain of the website shown in the demo video matches the website URL you provide.
If you intend to integrate with a mobile app, the demo video should start by showing the app being opened.
Video Para TikTok.mp4

Products

Add products


Login Kit

Redirect URI
 *

Add up to 10 Redirect URIs. Users will be redirected to this path after they have authorized your app with TikTok.


Web*

Desktop

Android

iOS
https://admin.webmakerchile.com/api/tiktok/callback

Add a URI


Content Posting API

By default, Upload to TikTok is enabled, allowing you to upload content to TikTok as a draft for creators to further edit and post.
Direct Post

Directly post content to authorized users' profiles.
Verify domains
The video/content can be posted in two ways, push_by_file and pull_by_url. To enable pull_by_url, you have to verify your domains. Check out the Media Transfer Guide to learn more.

Verify

Add products
Scopes

Search

Add scopes
user.info.basic
user.info.basic
Read a user's profile info (open id, avatar, display name ...)
Included in Login Kit
video.upload
video.upload
Share content to creator's account as a draft to further edit and post in TikTok.
Included in Content Posting API